Update GlobalNav and root layout for cross-group navigation (#250)
wheresrhys/totf: CLAUDE.md

There are no per-person logins. Authentication is group-scoped:

1. The logged-in group is stored in a `selected_group_id` HTTP-only cookie.
2. Server actions call `getAuthenticatedSupabaseClient()` (`lib/group-auth.ts`), which reads the cookie and returns a Supabase client carrying a **custom JWT** embedding `app_metadata.ringing_group_id`.
3. RLS policies on the database read `ringing_group_id` from this JWT — so the database itself enforces data isolation.
4. Clients are cached in an LRU cache (100 entries, 5-minute TTL) to avoid re-signing JWTs on every request.

### Cross-group data sharing

> Groups can grant other groups read access to their data via the `GroupDataSharing` table (`from_group_id` → `to_group_id`). The relationship is non-commutative and non-transitive. The JWT always carries the **logged-in** group's ID; RLS policies allow reading shared data via a `GroupDataSharing` EXISTS check, without switching the JWT.

Author: ```suggestion
Groups can grant other groups read access to their data via the `GroupDataSharing` table (`granter_group_id` → `recipient_group_id`). The relationship is non-commutative and non-transitive. The JWT always carries the **logged-in** group's ID; RLS policies allow reading shared data via a `GroupDataSharing` EXISTS check, without switching the JWT.
```

| `Sessions` | A ringing session (date + location) |
| `Encounters` | One bird captured once in one session, with measurements |
| `Locations` | Ringing sites, owned by a group |

> | `GroupDataSharing` | Non-commutative read-access grants between groups (`from_group_id` shares data with `to_group_id`) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `GroupDataSharing` | Non-commutative read-access grants between groups (`granter_group_id` shares data with `recipient_group_id`) |
```
